I think the the biggest challenge is
that the the method that has worked so
well for economics is probably close to
its limits economics has gotten a
tremendous amount of mileage about by
saying what would a rational
self-interested person do that has been
the core and for very many things that
has been a very productive way and you
learn an enormous amount and and it
serves as the base is not just for
abstract theories but for actual
empirical analysis of behavior and of
policy but in a way we've sort of done
what you can do with that and more and
more the key issues in economists are
involve the limits of rationality
involve the places where people don't
have the ability to assess all of the
data they have where people are don't
make rational choices there is a rapidly
growing field of behavioral economics
which is base what that means I mean
isn't all economic behavioral but what
that means to the economist is that
means ok we people are apparently not
you know maximizing your utility
function the way economists like to
assume which is actually a very very
good way to understand a lot of human
behavior but they appear to be doing
something else and so all of those
approach is trying to understand what
people actually do that's that's
behavioral and and we're learning a lot
it's it's more of it doesn't have a
single you know it doesn't can't be
summarized in 10 words which is why I
wasn't done first but I think we're
learning a lot but so it's that's a
research program it's fine
boy influencing policy you know that's
the labors of Sisyphus you you push it
up a little bit comes back down each
generation has to do its bit I don't
think there's any you know there will
never be a point at which good economic
analysis is automatically incorporated
into policy it takes each generation to
try and push it and we I think we're
doing better I think this generation is
is doing better now than it did 10 years
ago
we'll see how how how it
but you know the next generation will
feel the same frustration